1. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the difference between the sum of numbers at even indices and the sum of numbers at odd indices

2. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the gcd of all numbers in the list

3. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the sum of all prime numbers in the list

4. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the number that has the largest sum of digits

5. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns True if every number in the list contains the digit 7

6. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the number with the greatest number of divisors

7. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the longest sequence of increasing consecutive elements

8. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the sum of every even number whose index is also even

9. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the average of all numbers divisible by 3

10. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the largest difference between two neighboring elements

---

11. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns True if the list is symmetric (reads the same forward and backward)

12. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the first number whose sum of digits is even

13. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the count of numbers that are divisible by the sum of their digits

14. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns a new list containing only numbers whose digits are all odd

15. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the sum of all numbers that are coprime with the first element in the list

16. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the index of the number with the largest product of digits

17. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the longest sequence of equal consecutive numbers

18. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns True if every neighboring pair has gcd greater than 1

19. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the number that appears the most times

20. Write a function that accepts a list of numbers and returns the largest prime number that appears in the list

---

21. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the word with the greatest number of vowels

22. Write a function that accepts a string and returns True if every word starts with an uppercase letter

23. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the longest word that contains no digits

24. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the number of words whose length is prime

25. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the word with the largest number of distinct characters

26. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the shortest word that appears more than once

27. Write a function that accepts a string and returns True if every word contains at least one vowel

28. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the longest palindrome word in the string

29. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the number of pairs of neighboring equal characters

30. Write a function that accepts a string and returns the character that appears most frequently

---

31. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the longest string whose length is even

32. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the number of strings that contain only lowercase letters

33. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the string with the greatest number of digits

34. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns True if every string contains at least one uppercase letter

35. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the total number of vowels in all strings combined

36. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the longest common prefix of all strings

37. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the pair of strings with the greatest difference in length

38. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the number of strings that are palindromes

39. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the string with the fewest distinct characters

40. Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns True if all strings have different lengths

